---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sys11dbaas_database Resource - terraform-provider-sys11dbaas"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# sys11dbaas_database (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sys11dbaas_database" "postgresql" {
  name = "example-postgresql"
  application_config = {
    instances = 1
    type      = "postgresql"
    version   = 16.2
  }
  service_config = {
    disksize = 25
    flavor   = "m2.small"
    region   = "dus2"
    type     = "database"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--application_config))
- `name` (String) The name of the database.
- `service_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_config))

### Optional

- `description` (String) fulltext description of the database

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) the date when the database was created
- `created_by` (String) the initial creator of the database
- `last_modified_at` (String) the date when the database was last modified
- `last_modified_by` (String) the user who last changed of the database
- `phase` (String)
- `resource_status` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the database.

<a id="nestedatt--application_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application_config`

Required:

- `instances` (Number) How many nodes the cluster should have
- `type` (String)
- `version` (String) minor version of postgresql

Optional:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the admin user
- `recovery` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--application_config--recovery))
- `scheduled_backups` (Attributes) The scheduled backup policy for the database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--application_config--scheduled_backups))

Read-Only:

- `hostname` (String) The dns name of the database in the format uuid.postgresql.syseleven.services.
- `ip_address` (String) The public IP address of the database. It will be pending if no address has been assigned yet.

<a id="nestedatt--application_config--recovery"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application_config.recovery`

Optional:

- `exclusive` (Boolean)
- `source` (String)
- `target_lsn` (String)
- `target_name` (String)
- `target_time` (String)
- `target_xid` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--application_config--scheduled_backups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application_config.scheduled_backups`

Optional:

- `retention` (Number) How long Backups should be stored
- `schedule` (Attributes) The schedules for the backup policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--application_config--scheduled_backups--schedule))

<a id="nestedatt--application_config--scheduled_backups--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application_config.scheduled_backups.schedule`

Optional:

- `hour` (Number) The hour when the full backup should start. If this value is omitted, a random hour between 1am and 5am will be generated.
- `minute` (Number) The minute when the full backup should start. If this value is omitted, a random minute will be generated.




<a id="nestedatt--service_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_config`

Required:

- `disksize` (Number) Disksize in GB
- `flavor` (String) vm flavor to use
- `region` (String) the region for the database
- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `maintenance_window` (Attributes) The maintenance window. This will be a time window for updates and maintenance. If omitted, a random window will be generated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_config--maintenance_window))
- `remote_ips` (List of String) List of IP addresses, that should be allowed to connect to the database

<a id="nestedatt--service_config--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_config.maintenance_window`

Optional:

- `day_of_week` (Number) Day of week as a cron time (0=Sun, 1=Mon, ..., 6=Sat). If omitted, a random day will be used.
- `start_hour` (Number) Hour when the maintenance window starts. If omitted, a random hour between 20 and 4 will be used.
- `start_minute` (Number) Minute when the maintenance window starts. If omitted, a random minute will be used.
